"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best." - Marilyn Monroe
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." - Albert Einstein
"So many books, so little time." - Frank Zappa
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Bernard M. Baruch
"A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening,And live like it's heaven on earth." - William W. Purkey
"You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." - Dr. Seuss
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." - Mae West
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." - J.K. Rowling,
"Don’t walk in front of me… I may not followDon’t walk behind me… I may not leadWalk beside me… just be my friend" - Albert Camus
"Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . ." - C.S. Lewis,
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt,
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
"A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." - Elbert Hubbard
"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much." - Oscar Wilde
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." - Mahatma Gandhi
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.,
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying." - Oscar Wilde,
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche,
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We accept the love we think we deserve." - Stephen Chbosky,
"Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results." - Narcotics Anonymous
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.,
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." - Andre Gide,
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." - J.K. Rowling,
"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring." - Marilyn Monroe
"The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid." - Jane Austen,
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle." - Albert Einstein
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." - J.K. Rowling,
"As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once." - John Green,
"Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life." - Mark Twain
"It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it." - Maurice Switzer
"The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool." - William Shakespeare,
"Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans." - Allen Saunders
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect)." - Mark Twain
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." - Oscar Wilde,
"Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten." - Neil Gaiman,
"Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present." - Bill Keane
"A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read." - Mark Twain
"The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference." - Elie Wiesel
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything." - Gordon A. Eadie
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be." - douglas adams,
"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." - J.K. Rowling,
"Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read." - Groucho Marx,
"I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world." - Albert Einstein
"I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living." - Dr. Seuss
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night." - Steve Martin
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." - William Shakespeare,
"Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up." - Neil Gaiman,
"Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well." - Mark Twain
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go..." - Dr. Seuss,
"That which does not kill us makes us stronger." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one." - George R.R. Martin,
"For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." - Lao Tzu
"If you judge people, you have no time to love them." - Mother Teresa
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends." - J.K. Rowling,
"There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment." - Sarah Dessen,
"I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by." - Douglas Adams,
"My thoughts are stars I cannot fathom into constellations." - John Green,
"If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself." - Albert Einstein
"Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own." - Robert A. Heinlein,
"I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car." - Garrison Keillor
"There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you." - Maya Angelou,
"I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library." - Jorge Luis Borges
"Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea." - Robert A. Heinlein
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." - Dr. Seuss
"We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are." - Anaïs Nin
"We read to know we're not alone." - William Nicholson,
"You love me. Real or not real?"I tell him, "Real." - Suzanne Collins,
"If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking." - Haruki Murakami,
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz
"Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them." - Lemony Snicket,
"Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book." - John Green,
"Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye." - Miss Piggy
"You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me." - C.S. Lewis
"It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default." - J.K. Rowling
"Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?" - J.K. Rowling,
"Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You." - Dr. Seuss,
"I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens." - Woody Allen
"To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure." - J.K. Rowling,
"If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales." - Albert Einstein
"If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all." - Oscar Wilde
"Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away." - Paul   Terry
"Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere." - Albert Einstein
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world...but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices." - John Green,
"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go." - Dr. Seuss,
"Sometimes people are beautiful.Not in looks.Not in what they say.Just in what they are." - Markus Zusak,
"Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be." - Abraham Lincoln
"One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain." - Bob Marley
"The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for." - Bob Marley
"Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind,And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind." - William Shakespeare,
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you." - Joan Powers,
"Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love." - Mother Teresa
"Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it." - Nicholas Sparks,
"I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book." - Groucho Marx
"There is no friend as loyal as a book." - Ernest Hemingway
"Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be." - Shel Silverstein
"When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us." - Helen Keller
"You don’t have a soul, Doctor. You are a soul. You have a body, temporarily." - Walter M. Miller Jr.,
"The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits." - Alexandre Dumas-fils
"It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be." - J.K. Rowling,
"The story so far:In the beginning the Universe was created.This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move." - Douglas Adams,
"You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not." - Jodi Picoult,
"If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything." - Marilyn Monroe
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston S. Churchill
"I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman." - Virginia Woolf
"We’re all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love." - Robert Fulghum,
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"Some infinities are bigger than other infinities." - John Green,
"So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be." - Stephen Chbosky,
"Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings." - Anais Nin
"Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead." - Charles Bukowski
"There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature." - Jane Austen,
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though." - J.D. Salinger,
"The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it." - Terry Pratchett,
"Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." - Marthe Troly-Curtin,
"The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space." - Marilyn Monroe
"It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it." - Oscar Wilde
"If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever." - Alfred Tennyson
"He's like a drug for you, Bella." - Stephenie Meyer,
"Who are you to judge the life I live?I know I'm not perfect-and I don't live to be-but before you start pointing fingers...make sure you hands are clean!" - Bob Marley
"There is no pretending," Jace said with absolute clarity. "I love you, and I will love you until I die, and if there is life after that, I'll love you then." - Cassandra Clare,
"Reality continues to ruin my life." - Bill Watterson,
"Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind. "Pooh!" he whispered."Yes, Piglet?""Nothing," said Piglet, taking Pooh's paw. "I just wanted to be sure of you." - A.A. Milne,
"Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody." - Stephen Chbosky,
"A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left." - Marilyn Monroe
"Not all those who wander are lost." - J.R.R. Tolkien,
"The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive." - John Green,
"I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love." - Marilyn Monroe
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love." - J.K. Rowling,
"One must always be careful of books," said Tessa, "and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us." - Cassandra Clare,
"The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept." - George Carlin
"Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company." - Benjamin Franklin Wade
"Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears."After all this time?""Always," said Snape." - J.K. Rowling,
"When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable." - Jess C. Scott,
"There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed." - Ernest Hemingway
"I love mankind ... it's people I can't stand!!" - Charles Schultz,
"You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope." - Suzanne Collins,
"You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one." - John Lennon
"If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it." - Toni Morrison
"I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally." - W.C. Fields
"Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it." - Suzanne Collins,
"I have never let my schooling interfere with my education." - Mark Twain
"I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library." - Jane Austen,
"I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo."So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us." - J.R.R. Tolkien,
"Books are the ultimate Dumpees: put them down and they’ll wait for you forever; pay attention to them and they always love you back." - John Green,
"To die will be an awfully big adventure." - J.M. Barrie,
"There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate." - Linda Grayson
"You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it." - Harper Lee,
"[Dean] “My dear fellow, who will let you?”[Roark] “That’s not the point. The point is, who will stop me?" - Ayn Rand,
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - E.E. Cummings
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another." - Veronica Roth,
"A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment." - Jane Austen,
"You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children." - Madeleine L'Engle
"I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to." - Jimi Hendrix,
"And in that moment, I swear we were infinite." - Stephen Chbosky,
"So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday. You and me... everyday." - Nicholas Sparks,
"But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie." - Khaled Hosseini
"Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again." - C.S. Lewis
"Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory." - J.K. Rowling,
"It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then." - Lewis Carroll
"The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame." - Oscar Wilde,
"The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution." - J.K. Rowling,
"We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be." - Kurt Vonnegut,
"... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge." - George R.R. Martin,
"Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could." - Charles J. Sykes,
"The truth is rarely pure and never simple." - Oscar Wilde,
"I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else." - C.S. Lewis
"The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time." - Mark Twain
"Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can." - Nicholas Sparks,
"Books are a uniquely portable magic." - Stephen King,
"A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes." - Mark Twain
"Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it." - Mark Twain
"Tis better to have loved and lostThan never to have loved at all." - Alfred Lord Tennyson,
"Do you remember me telling you we are practicing non-verbal spells, Potter?""Yes," said Harry stiffly."Yes, sir.""There's no need to call me "sir" Professor."The words had escaped him before he knew what he was saying." - J.K. Rowling,
"It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace." - Chuck Palahniuk,
"Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them." - William Shakespeare,
"Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart." - Haruki Murakami,
"What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain." - Maya Angelou,
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." - Aristotle
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." - Nicolas Chamfort
"A person's a person, no matter how small." - Dr. Seuss,
"I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul." - Pablo Neruda,
"It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting." - Paulo Coelho,
"Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know." - Ernest Hemingway,
"I finally understood what true love meant...love meant that you care for another person's happiness more than your own, no matter how painful the choices you face might be." - Nicholas Sparks,
"Oh, I wouldn't mind, Hazel Grace. It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you." - John Green,
"Thomas Edison's last words were "It's very beautiful over there". I don't know where there is, but I believe it's somewhere, and I hope it's beautiful." - John Green,
"Jesus!" Luke exclaimed."Actually, it's just me," said Simon. "Although I've been told the resemblance is startling." - Cassandra Clare
"Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry." - Cassandra Clare,
"Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you'll die of a misprint." - Markus Herz
"Yes: I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world." - Oscar Wilde,
"Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have." - J.K. Rowling,
"It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them." - Ralph Waldo Emerson,
"Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it." - J.K. Rowling,
"I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity." - Edgar Allan Poe
"The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person." - Chuck Palahniuk,
"Have you ever noticed how ‘What the hell’ is always the right decision to make?" - Terry Johnson,
"If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty." - Marilyn Monroe
"An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind." - Mahatma Gandhi
"You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love." - Nicholas Sparks,
"Some people don't understand the promises they're making when they make them," I said."Right, of course. But you keep the promise anyway. That's what love is. Love is keeping the promise anyway." - John Green,
"So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was a hurricane." - John Green,
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"Those who don't believe in magic will never find it." - Roald Dahl
"Is this the part where you start tearing off strips of your shirt to bind my wounds?""If you wanted me to rip my clothes off, you should have just asked." - Cassandra Clare,
"You can never be overdressed or overeducated." - Oscar Wilde
"I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light." - Helen Keller
"Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers." - Charles W. Eliot
"Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources" - C.E.M. Joad
"I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university." - Albert Einstein
"The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off." - Joe Klaas,
"Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend." - Sarah Dessen,
"I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now and live in it forever." - Suzanne Collins,
"A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading." - William Styron,
"Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like." - Lemony Snicket
"Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing." - Harper Lee,
"Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood." - George Orwell,
"The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four people is suffering from a mental illness. Look at your 3 best friends. If they're ok, then it's you." - Rita Mae Brown
"I don't want to be a man," said Jace. "I want to be an angst-ridden teenager who can't confront his own inner demons and takes it out verbally on other people instead.""Well," said Luke, "you're doing a fantastic job." - Cassandra Clare,
"Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent" - Victor hugo
"Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade since it consists principally of dealings with men." - Joseph Conrad,
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great." - Mark Twain
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." - Mahatma Gandhi
"If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that." - Stephen King
"Do you hate people?”“I don't hate them...I just feel better when they're not around." - Charles Bukowski,
"Well-behaved women seldom make history." - Laurel Thatcher Ulrich,
"A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest." - C.S. Lewis
"It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter." - Marlene Dietrich
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank,
"We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving." - J.K. Rowling,
"The world is not a wish-granting factory." - John Green,
"Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you." - George R.R. Martin,
"Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love, but that doesn't make you love them any less. Sometimes you love them more." - Nicholas Sparks,
"The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom." - Isaac Asimov
"It's far better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone — so far." - Marilyn Monroe
"Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life." - Terry Pratchett,
"You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life." - Albert Camus
"Becoming fearless isn't the point. That's impossible. It's learning how to control your fear, and how to be free from it." - Veronica Roth,
"I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will." - Charlotte Brontë,
"If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there" - George Harrison
"I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun." - Suzanne Collins,
"You can love someone so much...But you can never love people as much as you can miss them." - John Green
"And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it." - Roald Dahl
"There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons." - Stephen Chbosky,
"Love is needing someone. Love is putting up with someone's bad qualities because they somehow complete you." - Sarah Dessen,
"One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving." - Paulo Coelho,
"With great power... comes great need to take a nap. Wake me up later." - Rick Riordan,
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" - Audrey Hepburn
"When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too." - Paulo Coelho,
"All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring." - Chuck Palahniuk,
"When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always." - Mahatma Gandhi
"If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you really are." - H.N. Turteltaub,
"What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?" - John Green,
"If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world." - C.S. Lewis
"I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve." - J.R.R. Tolkien,
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." - Leo Tolstoy
"What a treacherous thing to believe that a person is more than a person." - John Green,
"Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure." - J.K. Rowling,
"Let me tell you this: if you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it's not because they enjoy solitude. It's because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them." - Jodi Picoult,
"This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid." - George V. Higgins,
"Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and people we're quoting." - John Green
"I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time." - Herbert Bayard Swope
"It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart." - Suzanne Collins,
"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past." - F. Scott Fitzgerald,
"Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer" - Douglas Adams
"We love the things we love for what they are." - Robert Frost
"You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them." - Ray Bradbury
"Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living." - Jonathan Safran Foer,
"Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Lock up your libraries if you like; but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind." - Virginia Woolf,
"I would die for you. But I won't live for you." - Stephen Chbosky,
"In vain have I struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you." - Jane Austen,
"There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure." - Paulo Coelho,
"The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong." - Mahatma Gandhi,
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama XIV
"Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage. Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love." - Rainer Maria Rilke,
"We came to see Jace. Is he alright?""I don't know," Magnus said. "Does he normally just lie on the floor like that without moving?" - Cassandra Clare,
"Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly." - Neil Gaiman,
"Peace begins with a smile.." - Mother Teresa
"We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided." - J.K. Rowling,
"You're going to come across people in your life who will say all the right words at all the right times. But in the end, it's always their actions you should judge them by. It's actions, not words, that matter." - Nicholas Sparks,
"He can run faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo." - J.K. Rowling,
"Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears." - John Lennon
"Death ends a life, not a relationship." - Mitch Albom,
"You are, and always have been, my dream." - Nicholas Sparks,
"All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." - Edgar Allan Poe
"Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike." - J.K. Rowling,
"Is it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge?""Yes.""You called her a liar?""Yes.""You told her He Who Must Not Be Named is back?""Yes.""Have a biscuit, Potter." - J.K. Rowling,
"Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live." - Gustave Flaubert
"You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together." - Nicholas Sparks,
"So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you." - Paulo Coelho,
"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead
"The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us." - C.S. Lewis
"You cannot find peace by avoiding life." - Michael Cunningham,
"Don't think or judge, just listen." - Sarah Dessen,
"The only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you." - Markus Zusak,
"Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation." - Oscar Wilde
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Don't touch any of my weapons without my permission.""Well, there goes my plan for selling them all on eBay," Clary muttered."Selling them on what?"Clary smiled blandly at him. "A mythical place of great magical power." - Cassandra Clare,
"Never memorize something that you can look up." - Albert Einstein
"Hold fast to dreams,For if dreams dieLife is a broken-winged bird,That cannot fly." - Langston Hughes
"I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars." - Stephenie Meyer,
"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." - Carter Crocker
"Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor." - Suzanne Collins,
"Grief does not change you, Hazel. It reveals you." - John Green,
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us." - J.R.R. Tolkien,
"Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary." - Oscar Wilde
"In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them." - Mark Twain
"When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'." - Groucho Marx
"Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand." - Kurt Vonnegut
"When it comes down to it, I let them think what they want. If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them." - Marilyn Monroe
"There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line." - Oscar Levant
"Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry." - Terry Pratchett,
"I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had, and no matter what happens to us in the future, everyday we are together is the greatest day of my life. I will always be yours." - Nicholas Sparks,
"You can't force love, I realized. It's there or it isn't. If it's not there, you've got to be able to admit it. If it is there, you've got to do whatever it takes to protect the ones you love." - Richelle Mead,
"Whatever you are, be a good one." - Abraham Lincoln
"When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity." - Albert Einstein
"Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival." - C.S. Lewis,
"Death's got an Invisibility Cloak?" Harry interrupted again."So he can sneak up on people," said Ron. "Sometimes he gets bored of running at them, flapping his arms and shrieking..." - J.K. Rowling,
"Wicked people never have time for reading. It's one of the reasons for their wickedness." - Lemony Snicket
"I would always rather be happy than dignified." - Charlotte Brontë,
"Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse." - Thomas Szasz
"Where there is love there is life." - Mahatma Gandhi
"First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you." - Nicholas Klein
"You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts." - Kahlil Gibran,
"I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool." - F. Scott Fitzgerald,
"Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored." - Aldous Huxley,
"Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood." - Oscar Wilde,
"In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer." - Albert Camus
"A good friend will always stab you in the front." - Oscar Wilde
"Well, don't expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear." - Suzanne Collins,
"Sleep is good, he said, and books are better." - George R. R. Martin
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle." - Plato
"It means 'Shadowhunters: Looking Better in Black Than the Widows of our Enemies Since 1234'." - Cassandra Clare,
"We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will." - Chuck Palahniuk,
"I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naïve or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman." - Anaïs Nin
"Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he does not want to sign." - Théophile Gautier
"If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold." - Zelda Fitzgerald
"Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very;' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be." - Mark Twain
"Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering." - Nicole Krauss,
"When I look at my room, I see a girl who loves books." - John Green,
"I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't." - Marilyn Monroe
"I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?" - Ernest Hemingway
"Destroying things is much easier than making them." - Suzanne Collins,
"A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it." - Albert Einstein
"The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that's what you've given me. That's what I'd hoped to give you forever" - Nicholas Sparks
"I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there." - Oscar Wilde
"Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore." - Lady Gaga
"You're a prefect? Oh Ronnie! That's everyone in the family!""What are Fred and I? Next door neighbors?" - J.K. Rowling,
"Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile." - Billy Sunday,
"It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything." - Chuck Palahniuk,
"May you live every day of your life." - Jonathan Swift
"It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart." - Anne Frank,
"If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day." - E.B. White
"Get busy living or get busy dying." - Stephen King,
"We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets." - Marilyn Monroe
"These woods are lovely, dark and deep,But I have promises to keep,And miles to go before I sleep,And miles to go before I sleep." - Robert Frost,
"Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind." - Albert Einstein
"We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect." - Anais Nin
"You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation." - Brigham Young
"I have hated words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right." - Markus Zusak,
"Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself." - mark twain
"And I'm suppose to sit by while you date boys and fall in love with someone else, get married...?" His voice tightened. "And meanwhile, I'll die a little bit more every day, watching." - Cassandra Clare,
"When someone shows you who they are believe them; the first time." - Maya Angelou
"All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust." - J.M. Barrie,
"How lucky I am to have known somebody and something that saying goodbye to is so damned awful." - Evans G. Valens,
"The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed." - Carl Gustav Jung
"Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet." - Plato
"We loved with a love that was more than love." - Edgar Allen Poe
"Doubt thou the stars are fire;Doubt that the sun doth move;Doubt truth to be a liar;But never doubt I love." - William Shakespeare,
"Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,Nothing is going to get better. It's not." - Dr. Seuss,
"It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane." - Philip K. Dick,
"And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Some people care too much. I think it's called love." - A.A. Milne,
"This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something." - Elizabeth Gilbert,
"I might be in love with you." He smiles a little. "I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though." - Veronica Roth,
"You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes." - A.A. Milne,
"And so the lion fell in love with the lamb…" he murmured. I looked away, hiding my eyes as I thrilled to the word."What a stupid lamb," I sighed."What a sick, masochistic lion." - Stephenie Meyer,
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare,
"Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly." - Sir Francis Bacon
"We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be." - May Sarton
"I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal." - Jane Austen,
"Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is." - Albert Camus
"You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you never had the courage to commit." - Oscar Wilde,
"Here’s to books, the cheapest vacation you can buy." - Charlaine Harris
"Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination." - Oscar Wilde
"There are no good girls gone wrong - just bad girls found out." - Mae West
"Reading is one form of escape. Running for your life is another." - Lemony Snicket
"It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more." - J.K. Rowling,
"Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries, hours of enjoyment for each dollar spent. What I wonder is why everybody doesn't carry a book around for those inevitable dead spots in life." - Stephen King
"Eating and reading are two pleasures that combine admirably." - C.S. Lewis
"Never laugh at live dragons." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight." - Phyllis Diller
"He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same." - Emily Brontë,
"Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?" - L.M. Montgomery
"I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?" - John Lennon
"The planet is fine. The people are fucked." - George Carlin
"I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed!" - William Shakespeare
"Let us read, and let us dance; these two amusements will never do any harm to the world." - Voltaire
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one." - Albert Einstein
"If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself." - Rick Riordan,
"There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for." - J.R.R. Tolkien,
"Eleanor was right. She never looked nice. She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something." - Rainbow Rowell,
"When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes." - Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus
"A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever" - Dave Matthews Band
"I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes...you're Doing Something." - Neil Gaiman
"Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past." - George Orwell,
"That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfeast cereals based on color instead of taste." - John Green,
"Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first." - Mark Twain
"You get a little moody sometimes but I think that's because you like to read. People that like to read are always a little fucked up." - Pat Conroy,
"Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night." - Edgar Allan Poe,
"I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours." - Jerome K. Jerome
"The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. I require so much!" - Jane Austen,
"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it." - Rumi
"Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future." - Oscar Wilde
"Sarcasm is the last refuge of the imaginatively bankrupt." - Cassandra Clare,
"Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field.I'll meet you there.When the soul lies down in that grassthe world is too full to talk about." - Jalal Ad-Din Rumi
"Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way." - Charles Bukowski
"If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?" - Albert Einstein
"Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world." - Bette Midler
"I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours." - Henry David Thoreau,
"I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious." - Albert Einstein
"I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear." - Martin Luther King Jr.,
"Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul And sings the tune without the words And never stops at all." - Emily Dickinson
"The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page." - St. Augustine
"I am not young enough to know everything." - Oscar Wilde
"If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?" - Laurence J. Peter
"If you expect nothing from somebody you are never disappointed." - Sylvia Plath,
"One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple." - Jack Kerouac,
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." - Aristotle,
"The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times." - Paulo Coelho,
"What's meant to be will always find a way" - Trisha Yearwood
"Always do what you are afraid to do." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?" - Mary Oliver
"Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens." - J.R.R. Tolkien,
"The boy never cried again, and he never forgot what he'd learned: that to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed." - Cassandra Clare,
"Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been." - John Greenleaf Whittier,
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.,
"Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read." - Cassandra Clare,
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." - George Bernard Shaw
"Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away." - Stephen Hawking
"Books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like a betrayal." - John Green,
"She was a girl who knew how to be happy even when she was sad. And that’s important—you know" - Marilyn Monroe
"They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for." - Tom Bodett
"When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, "Why god? Why me?" and the thundering voice of God answered, There's just something about you that pisses me off." - Stephen King,
"Well, I’m not kissing the mundane," said Jace. "I’d rather stay down here and rot.""Forever?" said Simon. "Forever’s an awfully long time."Jace raised his eyebrows. "I knew it," he said. "You want to kiss me, don’t you?" - Cassandra Clare,
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.- Atticus Finch" - Harper Lee,
"Once you learn to read, you will be forever free." - Frederick Douglass
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." - Winston Churchill
"And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
"It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world." - John Green,
"And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom." - Anais Nin
"Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional." - haruki murakami,
"The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all." - Walt Disney Company,
"Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right." - Henry Ford
"Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"I am a man" he told her, "and men do not consume pink beverages. Get thee gone woman, and bring me something brown." - Cassandra Clare,
"I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center." - Kurt Vonnegut,
"If you're reading this...Congratulations, you're alive.If that's not something to smile about,then I don't know what is." - Chad Sugg,
"Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful." - Milan Kundera
"Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer." - Ellen DeGeneres,
"Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy." - Anne Frank
"Why did you do all this for me?' he asked. 'I don't deserve it. I've never done anything for you.' 'You have been my friend,' replied Charlotte. 'That in itself is a tremendous thing." - E.B. White,
"There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it." - Bertrand Russell
"Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win." - Stephen King
"The heart was made to be broken." - Oscar Wilde
"Not everything is about you," Clary said furiously."Possibly," Jace said, "but you do have to admit that the majority of things are." - Cassandra Clare,
"Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards." - Søren Kierkegaard
"We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty." - Maya Angelou
"What the hell is that?" I laughed."It's my fox hat.""Your fox hat?""Yeah, Pudge. My fox hat.""Why are you wearing your fox hat?" I asked."Because no one can catch the motherfucking fox." - John Green,
"Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?" - Henry Ward Beecherr
"I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it." - Mark Twain
"Here's all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid." - George Carlin,
"The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.." - John Milton,
"The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back." - Abigail Van Buren
"I cannot live without books." - Thomas Jefferson
"If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it." - W.C. Fields
"I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart. I am, I am, I am." - Sylvia Plath,
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." - Carl Sagan
"A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it." - Oscar Wilde
"The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters." - Audrey Hepburn
"You know, you could live a thousand lifetimes and not deserve him." - Suzanne Collins,
"You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear." - oscar wilde
"Libraries were full of ideas—perhaps the most dangerous and powerful of all weapons." - Sarah J. Maas,
"Is this the part where you say if I hurt her, you'll kill me?""No" Simon said, "If you hurt Clary she's quite capable of killing you herself. Possibly with a variety of weapons." - Cassandra Clare,
"Any fool can know. The point is to understand." - Albert Einstein
"Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself." - Robert Frost
"Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering." - Paulo Coelho,
"I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once." - C.S. Lewis
"In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act." - George Orwell
"God created war so that Americans would learn geography." - Mark Twain
"This above all: to thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man." - William Shakespeare,
"It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
"For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home." - Stephanie Perkins,
"I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it." - Mae West
"I'm not saying that everything is survivable. Just that everything except the last thing is." - John Green,
"Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it." - Lloyd Alexander
"Not my daughter, you bitch!" - J.K. Rowling,
"Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes." - Oscar Wilde,
"The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud." - Coco Chanel
"All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren't." - Marilyn Monroe
"People aren't either wicked or noble. They're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict." - Lemony Snicket,
"And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt." - Sylvia Plath,
"When you're struggling with something, look at all the people around you and realize that every single person you see is struggling with something, and to them, it's just as hard as what you're going through." - Nicholas Sparks,
"You said you were going for a walk!? What kind of walk takes six hours?""A long one?" - Cassandra Clare,
"Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that." - Nicholas Sparks,
"It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on." - Marilyn Monroe
"I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.(Popular misquote of "You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.")" - Maya Angelou,
"The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare blankly." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"You could have had anything else in the world, and you asked for me."She smiled up at him. Filthy as he was, covered in blood and dirt, he was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen."But I don't want anything else in the world." - Cassandra Clare,
"They didn’t agree on much. In fact, they didn’t agree on anything. They fought all the time and challenged each other ever day. But despite their differences, they had one important thing in common. They were crazy about each other." - Nicholas Sparks,
"My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. You know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky." - Alan Moore
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"what matters most is how well you walk through the fire" - Charles Bukowski
"Don't ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody." - J. D. Salinger
"All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way." - Leo Tolstoy  ,
"Happiness is a warm puppy." - Charles M. Schulz
"Think before you speak. Read before you think." - Fran Lebowitz,
"So please, oh please, we beg, we pray,Go throw your TV set away,And in its place you can installA lovely bookshelf on the wall.Then fill the shelves with lots of books." - Roald Dahl,
"I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night." - Sarah   Williams
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." - Benjamin Franklin
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare
"There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so." - William Shakespear,
"Love is so short, forgetting is so long." - Pablo Neruda,
"You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write." - Saul Bellow
"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife." - Jane Austen,
"The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater." - J.R.R. Tolkien,
"We're all going to die, all of us, what a circus! That alone should make us love each other but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing." - Charles Bukowski
"Good books don't give up all their secrets at once." - Stephen King
"Books may well be the only true magic." - Alice Hoffman
"I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me." - Katie McGarry,
"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"He never went out without a book under his arm, and he often came back with two." - Victor Hugo,
"I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer." - Woody Allen
"Each day means a new twenty-four hours. Each day means everything's possible again. You live in the moment, you die in the moment, you take it all one day at a time." - Marie Lu,
"Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power." - Oscar Wilde
"To douchebags!" he said, gesturing to Brad. "And to girls that break your heart," he bowed his head to me. His eyes lost focus. "And to the absolute fucking horror of losing your best friend because you were stupid enough to fall in love with her." - Jamie McGuire,
"I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass." - maya angelou
"I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love." - Daphne Rae,
"Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option." - Mark Twain
"Many people, myself among them, feel better at the mere sight of a book." - Jane Smiley,
"For you, a thousand times over" - Khaled Hosseini,
"Life is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal." - Neil Gaiman
"I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn’t know." - Mark Twain
"There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart. So you'd better learn the sound of it. Otherwise you'll never understand what it's saying." - Sarah Dessen,
"You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness." - Jonathan Safran Foer
"Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently." - Maya Angelou
"Why fit in when you were born to stand out?" - Dr. Seuss
"Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right." - Isaac Asimov,
"When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." - Arthur Conan Doyle,
"Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope." - Dr. Seuss
"If you're looking for sympathy you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary." - David Sedaris,
"Bran thought about it. 'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?''That is the only time a man can be brave,' his father told him." - George R.R. Martin,
"Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim." - Nora Ephron
"Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value." - Albert Einstein
"No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader." - Robert Frost
"You're still trying to protect me. Real or not real," he whispers."Real," I answer. "Because that's what you and I do, protect each other." - Suzanne Collins,
"They love their hair because they're not smart enough to love something more interesting." - John Green,
"The wound is the place where the Light enters you." - Rumi
"That does it," said Jace. "I'm going to get you a dictionary for Christmas this year.""Why?" Isabelle said."So you can look up 'fun.' I'm not sure you know what it means." - Cassandra Clare,
"Everyone should be able to do one card trick, tell two jokes, and recite three poems, in case they are ever trapped in an elevator." - Lemony Snicket,
"But luxury has never appealed to me, I like simple things, books, being alone, or with somebody who understands." - Daphne du Maurier
"Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth." - Oscar Wilde
"Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing ever happened." - Winston S. Churchill
"Hell is empty and all the devils are here." - William Shakespeare,
"I wonder how many people I've looked at all my life and never seen." - John Steinbeck,
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." - Oprah Winfrey
"The very essence of romance is uncertainty." - Oscar Wilde,
"There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them." - Joseph Brodsky
"Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world." - Marilyn Monroe
"As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot." - John Lennon
"Kiss me, and you will see how important I am." - Sylvia Plath,
"Remember when you tried to convince me to feed a poultry pie to the mallards in the park to see if you could breed a race of cannibal ducks?" "They ate it too," Will reminisced. "Bloodthirsty little beasts. Never trust a duck." - Cassandra Clare,
"Laughter is timeless. Imagination has no age. And dreams are forever." - Walt Disney
"Being crazy isn't enough." - Dr. Seuss
"There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"I am very interested and fascinated how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other." - Stephen Chbosky,
"Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting." - Haruki Marukami
"Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin." - John Green,
"The unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
"If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger." - Emily Jane Brontë ,
"Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony." - Douglas Coupland,
"Percy wouldn't notice a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing one of Dobby's hats." - J.K. Rowling,
"What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it." - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
"Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are." - Niccolò Machiavelli,
"That's the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet." - Jhumpa Lahiri,
"I have great faith in fools - self-confidence my friends will call it." - Edgar Allan Poe,
"Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends." - J.R.R. Tolkien,
"Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying." - Arthur C. Clarke
"Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something." - William Goldman,
"But who prays for Satan? Who, in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most?" - mark twain
"Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana." - Anthony G. Oettinger
"A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous." - Coco Chanel
"What I want is to be needed. What I need is to be indispensable to somebody. Who I need is somebody that will eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention. Somebody addicted to me. A mutual addiction." - Chuck Palahniuk,
"I have a theory that selflessness and bravery aren't all that different." - Veronica Roth,
"Stupid people are dangerous." - Suzanne Collins,
"Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it." - Candace Bushnell,
"I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare." - Ned Vizzini,
"There are too many books I haven’t read, too many places I haven’t seen, too many memories I haven’t kept long enough." - Irwin Shaw
"You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you." - Ray Bradbury,
"Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal." - Albert Camus
"I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person." - Audrey Hepburn
"I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ." - Mahatma Gandhi
"My daddy said, that the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, that feeling just never goes away." - Nicholas Sparks,
"Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life." - Christopher Paolini,
"It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime..." - Khaled Hosseini,
"I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it." - Marilyn Monroe,
"I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room." - Ray Bradbury,
"Reading was my escape and my comfort, my consolation, my stimulant of choice: reading for the pure pleasure of it, for the beautiful stillness that surrounds you when you hear an author's words reverberating in your head." - Paul Auster,
"It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life." - Terry Pratchett,
"The difference between the almost right word and the right word is really a large matter. ’tis the difference between the lightning bug and the lightning." - Mark Twain,
"Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everyone I've ever known." - Chuck Palahniuk,
"If you are going through hell, keep going." - Winston S. Churchill
"Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something." - Plato
"Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet." - Bob Marley
"Books are like mirrors: if a fool looks in, you cannot expect a genius to look out." - J.K. Rowling
"The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream." - Marilyn Monroe
"Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you." - Carlos Ruiz Zafón,
"Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart." - Mahatma Gandhi
"I lie to myself all the time. But I never believe me." - S.E. Hinton,
"And, in the endThe love you takeis equal to the love you make." - Paul McCartney,
"I am a badass, and I recognize that you, too, are a badass." - Cassandra Clare
"What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again." - Suzanne Collins,
"My ambition is handicapped by laziness" - Charles Bukowski,
"Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion." - Rumi
"But I don’t want to go among mad people," Alice remarked."Oh, you can’t help that," said the Cat: "we’re all mad here. I’m mad. You’re mad.""How do you know I’m mad?" said Alice."You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn’t have come here." - Lewis Carroll,
"Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up." - Pablo Picasso
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
"Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world...would do this, it would change the earth." - William Faulkner
"Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth." - Fyodor Dostoevsky,
"I don't want to lose the boy with the bread." - Suzanne Collins,
"Peter would probably throw a party if I stopped breathing.''Well,' he says, 'I would only go if there was cake." - Veronica Roth,
"Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry,
"I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability." - Oscar Wilde
"War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength." - George Orwell,
"The town was paper, but the memories were not." - John Green,
"When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch." - Bette Davis
"You have to die a few times before you can reallylive." - Charles Bukowski,
"The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them." - Paulo Coelho,
"You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed. "I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid-we know we're called Gred and Forge." - J.K. Rowling,
"Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen." - Leonardo da Vinci
"If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets." - Haruki Murakami,
"It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it." - Dale Carnegie,
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best." - Winston S. Churchill
"It's a metaphor, see: You put the killing thing right between your teeth, but you don't give it the power to do its killing." - John Green,
"That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you're not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist." - Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
"One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful." - Sigmund Freud
"To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting." - e.e. cummings
"Loyalty to country ALWAYS. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it." - Mark Twain
"No medicine cures what happiness cannot." - Gabriel García Márquez
"I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, he will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather he will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?" - Mother Teresa
"My nightmares are usually about losing you. I'm okay once I realize you're here." - Suzanne Collins,
"Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry." - Jack Kerouac
"I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing." - Agatha Christi
"Will looked horrified. "What kind of monster could possibly hate chocolate?" - Cassandra Clare,
"Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell." - Joan Crawford
"Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Maybe 'okay' will be our 'always" - John Green,
"If music be the food of love, play on,Give me excess of it; that surfeiting,The appetite may sicken, and so die." - William Shakespeare,
"Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new." - Ursula K. Le Guin,
"I don't want to die without any scars." - Chuck Palahniuk,
"I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train." - Oscar Wilde,
"I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt." - Maya Angelou
"Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?" - Albert Camus
"Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't." - Mark Twain,
"It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept." - BILL WATTERSON
"What happens when people open their hearts?""They get better." - Haruki Murakami,
"All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." - George Orwell,
"Sometimes crying or laughing are the only options left, and laughing feels better right now." - Veronica Roth,
"You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight." - Vladimir Nabokov,
"If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need." - Cicero
"She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain." - Louisa May Alcott,
"In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you." - Mortimer J. Adler
"She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it)." - Lewis Carroll,
"You probably wouldn’t worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do." - Olin Miller
"It's just that I don't want to be somebody's crush. If somebody likes me, I want them to like the real me, not what they think I am. And I don't want them to carry it around inside. I want them to show me, so I can feel it too." - Stephen Chbosky,
"Resist much, obey little." - Walt Whitman,
"Sometimes you make choices in life and sometimes choices make you." - Gayle Forman,
"No book is really worth reading at the age of ten which is not equally – and often far more – worth reading at the age of fifty and beyond." - C.S. Lewis
"Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up" - Veronica Roth,
"None of us really changes over time. We only become more fully what we are." - Anne Rice,
"The road to hell is paved with adverbs." - Stephen King,
"Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Deadlines just aren't real to me until I'm staring one in the face." - Rick Riordan,
"Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one." - Terry Pratchett
"Fiction is the truth inside the lie." - Stephen King
"You are the answer to every prayer I've offered. You are a song, a dream, a whisper, and I don't know how I could have lived without you for as long as I have." - Nicholas Sparks,
"And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love." - Anonymous,
"Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been." - Mark Twain
"Woke up this morning with a terrific urge to lie in bed all day and read." - Raymond Carver
"Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city." - George Burns
"You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore." - William Faulkner
"Nobody can hurt me without my permission." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well, on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this to be normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be." - Douglas Adams,
"To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you." - C.S. Lewis
"I can feel Peeta press his forehead into my temple and he asks, 'So now that you've got me, what are you going to do with me?' I turn into him. 'Put you somewhere you can't get hurt." - Suzanne Collins,
"Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect." - Margaret Mitchell
"One of the Silent Brothers is here to see you. Hodge sent me to wake you up. Actually he offered to wake you himself, but since it's 5 a.m., I figured you'd be less cranky if you had something nice to look at.""Meaning you?""What else?" - Cassandra Clare,
"It's strange because sometimes, I read a book, and I think I am the people in the book." - Stephen Chbosky,
"I've got a stele we can use. Who wants to do me?""A regrettable choice of words," muttered Magnus." - Cassandra Clare,
"Who said nights were for sleep?" - Marilyn Monroe
"You could rattle the stars," she whispered. "You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most." - Sarah J. Maas,
"People haven't always been there for me but music always has." - Taylor Swift
"Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!" - Suzanne Collins,
"You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts...but you cannot deny he's got style..." - J.K. Rowling,
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart" - Helen Keller
"Don't talk to me.""Why not?""Because I want to fix that in my memory for ever. Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret..." - J.K. Rowling,
"Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything." - Muhammad Ali
"By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest." - Confucious
"None but ourselves can free our minds." - Bob Marley
"We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already." - J.K. Rowling
"If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were." - Kahlil Gibran
"I may die young, but at least I'll die smart." - John Green,
"Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer." - Dan Brown,
"Like most misery, it started with apparent happiness." - Markus Zusak,
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Love conquers all," Aphrodite promised. "Look at Helen and Paris. Did they let anything come between them?""Didn't they start the Trojan War and get thousands of people killed?""Pfft. That's not the point. Follow your heart." - Rick Riordan,
"I read so I can live more than one life in more than one place." - Anne Tyler
"But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Wow," Thalia muttered. "Apollo is hot." "He's the sun god," I said."That's not what I meant." - Rick Riordan,
"Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass." - Anton Chekhov
"Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting." - J.M. Barrie,
"The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence." - Charles Bukowski
"Angry people are not always wise." - Jane Austen,
"You can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks, or even months over-analyzing a situation; trying to put the pieces together, justifying what could've, would've happened... or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move the fuck on." - Tupac Shakur
"What I say is, a town isn’t a town without a bookstore. It may call itself a town, but unless it’s got a bookstore, it knows it’s not foolin’ a soul." - Neil Gaiman,
"Ever had a flying burrito hit you? Well, it's a deadly projectile, right up there with cannonballs and grenades." - Rick Riordan,
"Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind." - Rudyard Kipling
"Why are they all staring?" demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students."Don’t let it worry you," said Ron. "It’s me. I’m extremely famous." - J.K. Rowling,
"Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed." - Alexander Pope
